while the UN has called Israel Siege and
destruction of Gaza a humanitarian
catastrophe for its 2.3 million people
but Israel continues regardless
supported by the United States and many
European Union Nations as Hashim ahbar
explains this war has been drawn along a
crucial line that the Israeli Army set
at the beginning of its military
campaign from day one of the military
operation it made it clear that the
north was its primary target it told
people to leave Gaza City the largest
and most populous in the Gaza Strip and
move South along what Israel said would
be safe passengers then Israel continued
to hit the area hard with a focus on B
hanon also known as the Aras Crossing
now Israeli troops and vehicles are
inside the strip people have been
running desperately for shelter not
knowing where they're going to go that
is placed went to homes in the South
only to find themselves targeted by war
planes inun ra and many other areas at
this moment 2third of a million are
Sheltering in un shelters and facilities
for Palestinian refugees mostly in KH
yunes and rafah but clearly they're not
safe according to the un's humanitarian
office 18 people were killed and almost
300 injured while Sheltering at un
schools people have turned to hospitals
but hospitals are overwhelmed not just
with patients but
117,000 displaced people the Israeli
military has launched air strikes near
alifa and alot hospitals and targeted
the Turkish Hospital in Gaza City and
the Indonesian Hospital in Northern Gaza
all 10 hospitals in the northern part of
the strip have been told to evacuate if
that happens it will put huge strains on
the few remaining hospitals in kanun
deah and RAF where does this leave the
2.3 million people who live in Gaza by
forcing them sou people in Gaza City and
Northern Gaza fear may never be allowed
to return to their homes again and that
Israel may be planning a long military
presence in these two districts that
leaves them with only one option to
relocate South to kanun and the fear for
many in Gaza who were displaced in 1948
is that this latest displacement May
last for Generations